Enable subpath imports and deprecate cjs config files (#1602)
seek-oss/sku: .changeset/remove-root-resolution.md

Reviewer: Was going to nitpick this changeset a bit - it doesn't follow the typical structure we use, but we'll likely rewrite the full release notes anyway so I'll save feedback until then.

---
'sku': major
---

Remove `rootResolution` in favour of native subpath imports

> Node.js can now resolve path aliases natively via [subpath imports](https://nodejs.org/api/packages.html#subpath-imports) declared in your `package.json` `imports` field. Subpath import specifiers must be prefixed with `#`, so root-resolution imports like `import x from 'src/foo'` become `import x from '#src/foo'`.

Reviewer: I think the `#<field>` notation is common enough these days that we can use it to talk about specific fields in a JSON file:

```suggestion
Node.js can now resolve path aliases natively via [subpath imports](https://nodejs.org/api/packages.html#subpath-imports) declared in your `package.json#imports` field. Subpath import specifiers must be prefixed with `#`, so root-resolution imports like `import x from 'src/foo'` become `import x from '#src/foo'`.
```

> The [`pathAliases`](https://seek-oss.github.io/sku/#/./docs/configuration?id=pathaliases) option is now available for both the `webpack` and `vite` bundlers. It generates TypeScript's `paths` configuration for editor/type support, and `sku` mirrors it into your `package.json` `imports` field so the aliases resolve natively at build time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [`pathAliases`](https://seek-oss.github.io/sku/#/./docs/configuration?id=pathaliases) option is now available for both the `webpack` and `vite` bundlers. `sku` now generates `tsconfig.json#paths` configuration so TypeScript can resolve these imports, and `sku` mirrors it into your `package.json` `imports` field so the aliases resolve natively at build time.
```

#### Migration

> Run the `migrate-root-resolution` codemod to update your project. It rewrites `src/…` imports to `#src/…` and adds the matching `#src/*` entry to the `pathAliases` option in your sku config:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the `migrate-root-resolution` codemod to update your project. It rewrites `src/...` imports to `#src/...` and adds the matching `#src/*` entry to the `pathAliases` option in your sku config:
```
